Improve Customer Experience by adopting and distributing VR content for remote viewing of services offered and "as is" view of HOW!
Projection
We carry a niche portfolio of domestic & international clientele. Majority of our projects are under strict NDA's and therefore, not featured on this page. However, here are some projects we worked on in the last one year.
Internal Employee Training – HR, Legal Compliance, BPO Staff etc.
INDIA - 400 092
The last way that Augmented Reality is generally experienced is through gaming, creating immersive gaming experiences that utilise your actual surroundings. Imagine shooting games with zombies walking in your own bedroom! The biggest use of Augmented Reality gaming to-date is Pokémon Go, allowing users to catch virtual Pokémon who are hidden throughout a map of the real world.
We are Digital Rhombus designs and produces realistic VR experiences that deliver high value and unique business solutions driven by powerful business oriented ROI's focussed at eliciting a “WOW!”
Virtual theme parks & the gaming have already adopted VR to push an extra edge to their entertainment offerings.
A technology that superimposes a computer-generated image on a user's view of the real world, thus providing a composite view.
Faster Turnaround - Though the production task is exhaustive right from the scripting to delivery stage, it takes considerably lesser time to deliver a 360º Video VR.
Superimposition based augmented reality is spawned covering at a partial or complete level the object that the augmented information triggers from. It relies on recognising the trigger image or object explicitly. This is because the application cannot replace the original view with an augmented one if it cannot determine what the object is.
Showcasing Centre of Excellence (COEs) to customers 
Showcasing Technology Labs to attract potential customers.
The DR team has collectively been a part of all kinds of production - film, commercials, video’s, documentaries, television shows - ALL! We now extend this service with the ability to shoot and deliver 360º VR Videos.
Scientists and doctors are collaborating with experts in the field of virtual reality to help patients overcome phobias, post-traumatic stress disorders and even phantom limb syndrome.
Virtual Reality and data visualisation
Post-Production
Shoot
At Digital Rhombus, also known as DR, we are a team of industry professionals who have spent over two decades learning & excelling in our respective varied fields of media content creation, technology & programming; enabling us to be the best experience design house in the broadly termed space - Virtual Reality. We design and deploy for VR, MR & AR across multiple devices like the HoloLens, Oculus, HTC Vive, Cardboard etc.​
The best Mixed Reality or Microsoft Hololens based business solutions designed by Digital Rhombus Studios
WE ARE
Thank you for reaching out! We will connect back ASAP!
Outline
Utility: To enable high-end clients to plan, see and purchase products from the catalogue using a VR environment of their property.
Some examples of the mixed reality technology are Microsoft HoloLens, Magic Leap and Canon MREAL System. Although some say that HoloLens is under the AR (Augmented Reality) category; according to Microsoft, it should get categorised under the MR (Mixed Reality) domain. Below is the Youtube video clip showing the anticipated capabilities of HoloLens for the consumers and industrialist.
Deployment: Microsoft HoloLens
Challenge: The mammoth size of the project and the multiple tasks required by the project was a challenge in itself.
Virtual Reality and the treatment of mental illness
Tech Highlight:
Pre-Production
If you are talented and keen to get into the industry of the future - find your way in to our team!
Location-based AR uses the location by reading the smart device’s GPS, compass and accelerometer and provides relevant information as per requirement on the screen. This kind of tech can be used by retailers to help customers find their outlets. Cities can map the city and guide tourists in finding areas of interest, important govt. offices like police stations, hospitals, embassies etc. and other areas of interests.
Virtual reality refers to computer-generated environments or realities that are designed to simulate a person’s physical presence in a specific environment that is designed to feel real.
Our team then works on further refining these scans and deliver the best printable objects in the market.
Deployment: Oculus Rift; Samsung Gear; Cardboard
A study showed that VR was useful in helping students visualise abstract mathematical concepts..

“DIGITAL RHOMBUS UNDERSTANDS SOLUTION PROVISIONING. IT HAS BBEEN AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE PARTNERING WITH THEM IN BUILDING VR BASED SOLUTIONS"
And then, it is Digital Rhombus that delivers the "wow" factor.
Disaster agencies can greatly benefit from Virtual Reality to train first responders prepare both physically and mentally for any given situation.
Speaking of medicine, the treatment of mental illness, including post-traumatic stress disorder, stands to benefit from the application of Virtual Reality technology to ongoing therapy programs. Whether it’s allowing veterans to confront challenges in a controlled environment, or overcoming phobias in combination with behavioural therapy, VR has a potential beyond gaming, industrial and marketing applications to help people heal from, reconcile and understand real world experiences.
© 2020 Digital Rhombus Studios Pvt. Ltd.- Founded in Mumbai
Challenge: To create an environment and feature realistic objects that are close to the real world counterpart.
Business Case: Display product line for immediate sales.
Use of virtual reality in e-Commerce provides the treasured ‘try before you buy’ experience for shoppers.
Film, Video, Print or Digital communication planning and execution.
A unique way to engage viewers who experience a complete 360º view of an environment from the point of view of the camera.
The cornerstone of Digital Rhombus lies on media related services because we need to design visuals in-terms of themes, UI etc. We are also required to shoot 360º videos that we convert to VR experience. Towards that, DR feature's premium in-house talents who constitute the entire media production eco-system - from concept to delivery. Though, as an organisation, we tend to focus more on VR projects; we undertake film production services from concept to delivery because we love the process.
Experienced project managers ensure quality assurance through the process.
Deployment: Television, on-line marketing
“THE EXPERTISE AT DIGITAL RHOMBUS FACILITATES US IN COLLABORATING & BUILDING AMAZING SOLUTIONS FOR SOLVING BUSINESS PROBLEMS USING VR TECHNOLOGY"
Recognition
Digital Rhombus designs and produces realistic VR experiences that deliver high value and unique business solutions driven by powerful business oriented ROI's focussed at eliciting a “WOW!”Seeing designs in VR can give architects a correct sense of scale and proportion.
VR adds a very precise dimension to education - learning physics, biology etc., can provide impetuous to learn as well as deliver retention capability.
3D modelling - At the heart of a convincing virtual reality experience is an accurate and convincing 3D layout.
It eliminates the need to make physical miniatures to demonstrate a design to clients or the public.
Virtual reality enables recreation of heritage sites with extreme accuracy so that recreations can be used to make VR experiences as well as publish in various media.
Mixed Reality is yet in its infancy. However, there are still some applications that MR may be suited for.
More than film - The methodology pertains to the cinematic domain but in order to deliver the right experience, there are various other milestones and tasks to be achieved in delivering a successful 360º Video VR.
Utility: Useful tool to save time by support personals.
Scientific and engineering data visualisation has benefited for years from Virtual Reality, although recent innovation in display technology has generated interest in everything from molecular visualisation to architecture to weather models.
Objective: To populate 2 properties with products featured from the company's catalogue.
Enables engineers from different disciplines to view their "point of interest" in the final product.
Interior Retail Industry
2D Videos - Essentially, these are video streams that are recorded in synchronisation. By nature, a video is 2D and therefore, the images by themselves are unable to deliver a 3D environment.
Media Industry
Virtual Reality can be recorded and used for reviewing, debriefing and reporting leveraging the ability for healthcare training data analytics and insights.
Virtual Reality Technology
VR for aviation, medicine and the military
Challenge: 4 weeks were provided to deliver the solution.
An exact replica of live - Ability to recreate live monuments, statues etc.
We are currently seeking a 3D Texturing & Lighting artist. Please download the JD, understand and respond back to us. We would highly appreciate if the role is understood before responding back to us. Hope to hear from you soon!
VR can help architects experience designs they are working on before they executed.
Digital Rhombus designs and produces realistic VR experiences that deliver high value and unique business solutions driven by powerful business oriented ROI's focussed at eliciting a “WOW!”
Business Case: Reduce downtime and faster ticket closures.
MUKUL CHANDRA / PRAXIS RETAIL
F2, 4th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park, Mahakali Caves Rd, Andheri (East), Mumbai,
The viewer has control - The viewer has absolute control over the experience in terms of being able to walk, interact with objects etc.
Objective: To build a HoloLens based solution that can integrate to & automate the factory floor support system. The solution required for integrating communication with SME's over audio & video while integrating to the floor support database to facilitate automation & analytics.
The DR studio boasts of a complete post-production studio - complete with software, hardware and a high-speed NAS. Comprising of experienced editors & post-production professionals, the team is equipped and inclined to deliver the best creatively and technically quality visuals. 
Mixed reality allows, users, to navigate through the real world and the virtual environment seamlessly at the simultaneously. The virtual objects are positioned in the real world space and coordinates. Whenever a user moves towards it, the virtual objects get bigger and vice versa. And whenever a user moves around it, one can see the virtual objects from different angles and perspectives… just like real objects would behave. The experience is like viewing holograms objects.
The original sites are often inaccessible to the public or, due to the poor state of their preservation, hard to picture. Virtual Reality technology can be used to develop virtual replicas of caves, natural environment, old towns, monuments, sculptures and archaeological elements.
Immersive engineering enables management and investors to see virtual prototypes prior to the availability of any physical prototypes.
VR films like Alejandro G. Iñárritu’s Carne y Arena (Virtually Present, Physically Invisible) are redefining the grammar of film making and consumption.
As is evident by name, images or 3D models are projected on to the physical space. This technology can also enable interactiveness. For example, as the image portrays, a digital keyboard can be projected on your desk that you can work on; or, put a dialler on your hand. Projection based AR can also be used to project objects on to the real world. It allows for a user to be able to see the position and depth. For example, if a user wants to understand if a fridge he is going to buy will fit in to a space, this AR tech would allow for the fridge to be projected giving the buyer an idea how it will look and if it will fit in the space.
Location
Businesses and brands are using story-driven VR experiences that educate and entertain and engage consumers.
Photorealistic Renders - Understanding and designing the right kind of finishing allows for the human mind to be deceived in believing the environment.
VFX
In aviation, medicine, and the military, Virtual Reality training is an  attractive alternative to live training with expensive equipment, dangerous situations, or sensitive technology. Commercial pilots can use realistic cockpits with VR technology in holistic training programs that incorporate virtual flight and live instruction. Surgeons can train with virtual tools and patients, and transfer their virtual skills into the operating room, and studies have already begun to show that such training leads to faster doctors who make fewer mistakes. Police and soldiers are able to conduct virtual raids that avoid putting lives at risk.
We focus on bringing these skill-sets to our projects to create solutions targeted at solving business problems. Virtual Reality solutions can be deployed in the front end for marketing purposes to increase sales and, at the same time in the back-end for training and MRO deployment saving costs for companies.
3D Modeling
Virtual Reality’s most recognisable component is the head-mounted display (HMD). Human beings are visual creatures, and display technology is often the single biggest difference between immersive Virtual Reality systems and traditional user interfaces. For instance, CAVE automatic virtual environments actively display virtual content onto room-sized screens. While they are fun for people in universities and big labs, consumer and industrial wearables are the wild west.
Furthermore, in mixed reality,  users are also able to manipulate the virtual objects. Users can interact with their concepts in virtual objects form as if they really existed in front of them.
Entertainment is usually associated with immersion, escape and bringing impossible to life; thus making us forget about the reality.
VR for autistic personal's education because virtual environments or input stimuli are controllable to match what is tolerable to the individual.
3D Printing
ARSHAD MUGHAL / MANAGING DIRECTOR - AVIANET GMbH
info@digitalrhombusstudios.com
Augmented Reality turns the environment around into a digital interface by placing virtual objects in the real world, in real-time. Augmented Reality can be seen through a wide variety of experiences. We distinguish 3 main categories of Augmented Reality tools.
Virtual Reality used for technical, corporate, medical, defence, logistics, trainings
Mixed reality (MR), sometimes referred to as hybrid reality, is the merging of real and virtual worlds to produce new environments and visualisations where physical and digital objects co-exist and interact in real time.
Our 3D team delivers high-value realistic VR experience and therefore, while being creative are also quick to deliver 2D filmic output for animation, pack shots, character, etc. The primary 3D team is also supported by photoshop and after effects artists as to fulfil most project requirements.
Outline based AR may at times get confused with Projection based AR. Outline AR also uses object recognition to design it’s functionality. It is mostly deployed in situations where our eyes get weary or simply cannot see in low light conditions. These are the conditions where this tech is deployed. For example, low visibility on the road can he helped using Outline AR to outline the road and ensure road safety.
Augmented Reality 3D viewers, like Augment, allow users to place life-size 3D models in your environment with or without the use of trackers. Trackers are simple images that 3D models can be attached to in Augmented Reality.
Making it possible for humans to get entirely immersed in the world of amusement and pleasure.
​
Pre-production forms the basis that any content takes direction from. Our team of storytellers and design artists are industry experts and have been practicing this art since over two decades. Our team plan and deliver the most “bang for the buck!”
A 3D environment with the experience of collision, occlusion and parallax allows for a VR experience.
We like people who work hard and play hard! Therefore, orientation towards results within a scheduled timeframe is a must. A positive attitude towards seemingly "impossibles" is a must. We work in the fore-front of technology and therefore, very often, come upon problems that do not have straight forward answers. The only way to solve is by yourself and of course, with the team. A highly challenging atmosphere is how we work, but it has been all worth it since everything we create usually elicits a WOW from our customers and their clients.
We are currently seeking a Snr. Unity Tech artist/engineer and Unity Programmers in the organisation. Please download the JD, understand and respond back to us. We would highly appreciate if the role is understood before responding back to us. Hope to hear from you soon!
We develop & design concepts, ideas and execute them.
This AR tech is where a QR code or image is scanned and it comes above. Think how iGreet cards work. The fundamental of this tech is the AR app recognises a marker that is already learnt by the app. Once it recognises the marker, it replaces it with a corresponding object or information as per requirements. One more way that AR tech uses recognition is also where the app sees words through the camera and translates them. This kind of AR is very widely used.
VR adds more dimensions to virtual prototyping, product building, assembly, service, performance use-cases.
We produce large format commercials as well as small format productions meant for telecast, cinema or on-line distribution. In the past year, we have done corporate films for clients like UPS, digital films for KFC, VFX for a series on a major international network and, also delivered 1100 mins of 2D animation pre-production work in 3 months!
And if that is not enough, we also produce 360º VR multi-cam with real time graphics while streaming it all on-line to Facebook, YouTube or a private CDN point.
Unlike a typical production house, we have an in-house crack-shot VFX team who are also designers in their own right. Each project is thought of and designed at a conceptual level and then executed to deliver the most convincing shots for the project.
Augmented Reality browsers enrich your camera display with contextual information. For example, you can point your smartphone at a building to display its history or estimated value.
We use scanners to be able to recreate environments for our VR outputs. These are very high-quality scanners meant to scan linear as well as organic objects.
VR can also help the industry with virtual visits to destinations to attract people with VR glimpses of sites, facilities, hotels, cultures, food, packages etc.
360º Video
Objective: Provide complete creative services for the event “BREATHLESS - the worlds highest race.” Digital Rhombus was expected to name the event and plan the entire marketing strategy and execution. We also shot and televised the event to be marketed for broadcasting. This production was acquired for standard broadcast video as well as for 360º VR film output.
Cuts marketing costs, reduces units of products returned and, delivers sophisticated analytics.
Immersive VR
VR is helping in medical training where mistakes can be made without suffering any fatal repercussions.
Superimpose
Developers and Owners can create a VR model of a property enabling potential buyers or tenants to tour a property in VR.
Send us a message, and we will contact you to arrange a free consultation:
MRO Solution
